Getting Started
===============

To use SBOL in your own code, copy the <code>sbol</code> folder
somewhere on your <code>PYTHONPATH</code>. Then you can start writing
something like this:

<<example code here>>

Note: if you try to <code>import sbol</code> and the interpreter crashes
with an error like "Py_GetThreadedState...", you're probably using the 
wrong Python version.

You can also access the low-level wrapper directly:

    from sbol import libsbol

That could be useful for prototyping C algorithms in the Python interpreter.

Unit tests
----------

You can run <code>python sbol/sbol_test.py</code>
to verify that everything is working.

But a word of caution! The tests aren't comprehensive--in fact,
they just test getting and setting each property of each of the SBOL
core objects. Please report anything weird that happens while using the module!
It's not always straightforward getting the Python garbage collector to
free the right pointers at the right times, and fairly "minor" bugs
in memory management can crash the interpreter.

Development
-----------

Here's a quick breakdown of the source files:

* __init__.py is a one-liner.

* _libsbol.so and libsbol.py are generated by SWIG as part of a libSBOLc build.
  They shouldn't be modified directly. If you do need to change something,
  make the changes in libSBOLc and copy over the updated files.

* sbol.py is a high-level wrapper around the SWIG wrapper. It defines proxy
  objects that behave (more or less) pythonically, but actually do everything
  with calls to libsbol.py.

* sbol_test.py contains the unit tests.

If you come across something that needs to be changed in the C code,
see Updating the Python wrapper in the libSBOLc documentation.
It's actually pretty quick--that is, once you've checked out libSBOLc 
and installed CMake and SWIG.
